WE BELIEVE IN QUALITY
We’re socially celebrated
Our customer centric approach has got us amazing reviews. Be it any platform, you will see many users recommending our service.

Ready to serve you in 40+ cities!
Think of a city & we are mostly there. The next time you plan on exploring a city, know that your means of transport is sorted with Royal Brothers. #BhaiHaiNa

Bikes maintained so good,
you will feel it is brand-new
We obsess on giving you the best possible experience. This is not only with well serviced bikes but also with a 24/7 support team available just a call away.

FEATURED IN
Money control logoThe Better India logoThe Inc42 logoThe indian express logoThe times of India logoThe Hindu News logoThe Economic times logo
ROYAL BROTHERS
mail-icon support@royalbrothers.com
phone-icon
+917795687594
/
+919019595595
COMPANY
About Us
Blog
Careers We're hiring!
Contact Us
POLICIES
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
QUICK LINKS
Tariff
Offers
Riding Gears
Own a franchise
Earn with us
Indian bike routes
FOLLOW US
instagram icon
facebook icon
linkedin icon
YouTube icon
DOWNLOAD OUR APP
mail-icon
mail-icon
Travel Solo and Travel Safely with Bike Rentals in Bangalore
Commuting Made Safe & Easy With Our Sanitized Bikes on Daily/Hourly/Monthly Basis Rental. Choose From A Wide Range Of Bikes & Scooters at Affordable Rates. Book Now!

Welcome to Royal Brothers, Bangalore's premier bike rental service. Royal Brothers is the first startup to obtain a license to operate bike rentals in Bangalore. Whether you're looking for bike rentals in Bangalore for a short term or a long-term lease, we have the perfect ride for you. We offer a wide variety of vehicles starting from scooters such as Activa, Dio, Aprilia SR, TVS Ntorq, Ather, Aviator to powerful bikes such as Royal Enfield Classic 350, KTM Duke 200, BMW, Yamaha Fazer etc. With the mission to “Reimagine mobility powered by trust”, our single point of focus has been to provide a seamless customer experience.

Royal Brothers is now providing our customers a safer way to travel and commute. We have made safety as our top priority. We are ensuring the two wheelers are sanitized before every ride. We are also providing Zero Contact Home Delivery so that our customers do not have to step out of the house. All our team members use masks and gloves to ensure higher customer safety. All these measures ensure that we provide safe bikes for rent in Bangalore.

Hire a Bike in Bangalore for Easy Commute
Bike rentals is a shared mobility offering that allows users to own the vehicle for only the duration of their need and return after it. It is a much better option economically. Users do not have to invest a huge sum of money to buy vehicles and instead spend a small amount as and when they need a two wheeler. Users also need not take the burden of insurance and maintenance. We also provide 24/7 roadside assistance to customers who rent a bike in Bangalore.

In addition to offering bike on rent in Bangalore, we also have a range of rental packages to fit your budget and duration of stay. Our daily rental rates are competitive and affordable, and we offer discounts for longer rentals. We also have a range of rental add-ons such as helmet rentals, protective gear, and insurance to ensure your safety and peace of mind.

Two wheelers on rent in Bangalore is a much safer alternative to public transport. Users can travel to places without being dependent on anyone else while also maintaining social distance. Bike rentals in Bangalore is also a safer alternative to cabs because the user doesn’t share the ride with anyone else.

Sanitized Bikes for Rent in Bangalore
The use case for bikes on rent in Bangalore is many fold. Our customers rent vehicles to run daily errands and commute within the city. We have offerings ranging from a few hours to months (Monthly Bike Rental). A person who is new to the city uses Royal Brothers bike rentals to navigate the city and also house hunting. More powerful two wheeler alternatives such as Royal Enfield Himalayan, Bajaj Avenger, Dominar, etc is used to go on weekend long rides. Bangalore has a lot of tourist attractions nearby (One Day Trips Near Bangalore) which makes it a prime spot to start your weekend getaway through hiring a bike in Bangalore from Royal Brothers. Or you can find here, Top 30 Places to Visit & Best Routes to Ride from Bangalore.

If you're in need of a two wheeler for rent in Bangalore, look no further than Royal Brothers. Our team of friendly and knowledgeable staff are available to assist you with anything from choosing the right bike to planning your route. We're dedicated to providing the best bike hire in Bangalore and will do everything we can to ensure your biking adventure is a success.

Our offering also extends to electric bikes for rent in Bangalore to cater to the environmentally cautious users. Such as Yobykes Drift, Pure EV Epluto, etc. We have customers who also use bike rentals in Bangalore to test ride vehicles that they are interested in buying. Booking a weekend trip allows the customers to explore everything that a particular bike has to offer. You can travel solo and travel safely with Royal Brothers.

Bike Rental Near to You - Our Bike Stations in Bangalore
So why wait? Book your ride with Royal Brothers today and experience the freedom and convenience of exploring the city on two wheels. We look forward to helping you plan your perfect biking adventure. So, if you want to rent a bike in Bangalore or any other two-wheeler, we're here to help. Contact us today to learn more about our motorcycle rental in Bangalore and book your ride.

We are present in multiple locations across the city so that our users do not have to travel farther to hire a bike in Bangalore.
Our pick-up points are at: Indiranagar, Koramangala, HSR Layout, HBR Layout, Whitefield, BTM Layout, Banashankari, Yeswanthpur, and Marathahalli.

OUR PRESENCE
Bikes for rent in Agra  Bikes for rent in Ahmedabad  Bikes for rent in Alleppey  Bikes for rent in Amritsar  Bikes for rent in Andaman Nicobar  Bikes for rent in Bangalore  Bikes for rent in Bangalore Airport  Bikes for rent in Bangkok  Bikes for rent in Belagavi  Bikes for rent in Bhubaneswar  Bikes for rent in Bhuj  Bikes for rent in Calicut  Bikes for rent in Chandigarh  Bikes for rent in Chennai  Bikes for rent in Chikmagalur  Bikes for rent in Cochin  Bikes for rent in Coimbatore  Bikes for rent in Coorg - Kushalnagar  Bikes for rent in Coorg - Madikeri  Bikes for rent in Davanagere  Bikes for rent in Delhi  Bikes for rent in Dharamshala  Bikes for rent in Ganapati pule  Bikes for rent in Gandhinagar  Bikes for rent in Goa  Bikes for rent in Guntur  Bikes for rent in Gurugram  Bikes for rent in Guwahati  Bikes for rent in Hubli-Dharwad  Bikes for rent in Hyderabad  Bikes for rent in Indore  Bikes for rent in Jaipur  Bikes for rent in Jaisalmer  Bikes for rent in Jodhpur  Bikes for rent in Kolkata  Bikes for rent in Konark  Bikes for rent in Lucknow  Bikes for rent in Manali  Bikes for rent in Mangalore  Bikes for rent in Mohali  Bikes for rent in Mount Abu  Bikes for rent in Mumbai  Bikes for rent in Mysore  Bikes for rent in Nashik  Bikes for rent in Ooty  Bikes for rent in Pondicherry  Bikes for rent in Pune  Bikes for rent in Puri  Bikes for rent in Ranchi  Bikes for rent in Rishikesh  Bikes for rent in Sakleshpur  Bikes for rent in Siliguri  Bikes for rent in Srinagar  Bikes for rent in Surat  Bikes for rent in Tirupati  Bikes for rent in Trivandrum  Bikes for rent in Udaipur  Bikes for rent in Udupi - manipal  Bikes for rent in Vijayawada  Bikes for rent in Vizag  Bikes for rent in Wayanad
Made with mail-icon by team Royal Brothers

